Project Name: Normalcy Test

Project Description: The interactive comic is presented as a 'normalcy test' that is meant to assess if the user is a 'normal' university student and is making the right/normal choices but ultimately gives the message of everyone having their unique personality with no single definition of normal. Especially for incoming students new to the university life, it can be difficult to navigate so many decisions that have to be made with sometimes no support or advice and people tend to look around them to compare and see what is acceptable or what is right or what is normal. This comic aims to break the notion that there are only certain ways to lead one's life in university, because every person has their invdividual traits and preferences that works for them to do well holistically. The comic presents 4 panels to the user that describes a decision they would make as a university student and makes them choose one of the options presented. The final slide has the common message that is the same regardless of the decisions made by the user. 
The comic combines the style of digital collage with vintage video games by the use of pixelated thought and speech bubbles with the pixel font. 

Process: The project was an amalgamation of ideas from all four of us in the group so the process of coming up with the final project did involve going back and forth on some ideas to make a decision. It also involved a lot of trial and error from everyone's end. We agreed on going for the aesthetic of a collage but wanted to do something more artistic by make collages of art paintings. However, we drifted to making the comic more centered around university life for which we wanted to use more realistic pictures from the NYUAD campus, so the user (a NYUAD student) would relate to what they're seeing rather than abstract painting collages. We brainstormed various scenarios of choices students make and decided on our panels and the kind of layout we would use. I worked with the ideation of the interactive comic, taking pictures around campus for the collage art, making the panels and SVGs for situations 3, 4 and the final slide. It was all a collaborative effort to bring this comic to what it is. 

Reflection/Evaluation: Working in a group on a interactive comic was quite an interesting experience because of the various elements that needed to be worked on together. Everything had to work in conjuction with on another so it involved quite a bit of tweaking here and there to make the style and appearance uniform. I think it turned out to be quite interactive and informative with a message for the user which I'm happy with it given the limited time we had to learn the many aspects of making an interactive comic. There is room for improvement in terms of making the interactivity with the comic for intuitive like placing some sort of highlight when an option is chosen in a panel, and having the scrolling from one panel to the other in a way that makes the panels more separate. 
