Normalcy Test
The overall project concept is an interactive comic in the form of a quiz for the readers to see what kind of a student they are here at the NYUAD community. It is somewhat of an homage to a personality test that results in a cliche ending of there is no such thing as normal and everyone is unique in their own way which is totally fine. Our theme is this pseudo personality test for the users to try out whether they are an average, normal student in the NYUAD community in the form of a comic where the main character is the reader that walks through different prompts. Our target audience is freshmen or lower class students of NYUAD trying to get used to this community and our aimed experience for them is to go through different given situations and reflect on what they would do. 
We decided to implement this concept through comic where the reader is the main character and they are on an adventure to the different situations in the NYUAD community. The reader would slide through the panels horizontally so that the main character would look like he/she is walking through the different situations and reach the conclusion that everyone is unique and special in their own way. The interactive part for the users is that they can click on each image representing the different response to the given prompts which will make the texts describing their chosen response to popup along with the sound effect of a clicking noise. We also implemented a panel where the user can decide their own outfit by clicking on the provided clothing to choose their own style. My role in this group was overall coding of the html, css, and javascript functions for the comic. I implemented the horizontal scroll so that the main character would look like he/she is walking through the different situations, and I also implemented javascript functions that allowed each svg layer images to be clickable and will prompt a pop up text when clicked. I also arranged the css style of the structure of the comic and implemented other javascript functions such as choosing different outfits and adding sound effects. 
Looking back on the project, I think we accomplished pretty much all of our initial expectations of creating a vertical comic that involves the main character, the reader, walking through different situations and having the interactivity of clicking on different situation prompts. While I do think that if I had more time I could have implemented a neater version of horizontal scrolling and more interactive elements via javascript, but I am overall satisfied with the final product. 
